README.md, before:

# STT Solver
## Authors
2014:
Johnathan Michaels
Edited by Cameron Arsenault and Quin Emerling in 2021

## About
To Run:
Double click STTSolver.exe 
OR
If you wish to make a new executable use pyinstaller -F STTSolver.py in a windows terminal (not bash/WSL)

Check the Gurl Help button for instructions. They are repeated below for convenience:

Valid Input Symbols:
NOT : ~
AND : &
OR : |
CONDITIONAL : ->
BICONDITIONAL : <->

Possible literals are any capital letter
Separate premises with newline characters. 
The final line will always be assumed to be the conclusion.
Use the scrollwheel to see next steps that go beyond the box.

FILE IMPORT: Select a txt file to put in the entry box
GURL HELP: Finds this window (you already did it!)
START: Press start after inputing premises and conclusion to begin.
NEXT: Procedes to the next step.
AUTO-COMPLETE: Automatically displays all steps.
RESET: Sets the program to its default state, removing any current text.
Do this especially when in the middle of a proof.
SAVE: Saves anything in the text box to a desired location as a txt file.

Commit message:

Quick Tweaks and Final Upload
Added the custom start functionality, in order to allow the user to decide what type of proof they want to try. The initial values must now be denoted with + (true) or = (false)

README.md, after:

# STT Solver
## Authors
2014:
Johnathan Michaels
Edited by Cameron Arsenault and Quin Emerling in 2021

## About
To Run:
Double click STTSolver.exe 
OR
If you wish to make a new executable use pyinstaller -F STTSolver.py in a windows terminal (not bash/WSL)

Check the Gurl Help button for instructions. They are repeated below for convenience:

Valid Input Symbols:

NOT : ~

AND : &

OR : |

CONDITIONAL : ->

BICONDITIONAL : <->

Possible literals are any capital letter.
Separate premises with newline characters. 
Denote starting truth values using + for true and = for false. Put these at the start of each expression.
Use the scrollwheel to see next steps that go beyond the box.

FILE IMPORT: Select a txt file to put in the entry box

GURL HELP: Finds this window (you already did it!)

START: Press start after inputing premises and conclusion to begin.

NEXT: Procedes to the next step.

AUTO-COMPLETE: Automatically displays all steps.

RESET: Sets the program to its default state, removing any current text.
Do this especially when in the middle of a proof.

SAVE: Saves anything in the text box to a desired location as a txt file.
